content/talks/Corporate Finance Seminar 2022/index.md, before:

---
title: "Corporate Finance Seminar"
subtitle: "Fall 2022 @ WSU"
excerpt: "Talks included from a doctoral-level finance seminar covering advanced topics in corporate finance."
date: 2021-09-01
date_end: "2021-12-17"
show_post_time: false
event: "rstudio::global(2021)"
event_url: https://global.rstudio.com
author: "Adam Bozman"
location: "Pullman, WA"
draft: false
# layout options: single, single-sidebar
layout: single
categories:
- workshop
links:
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  name: code
  url: https://github.com/adam-bozman/wsucorporatefinance
---
## Links to all presentations and content for FIN 596 - Fall 2022

--- 

### Political Capital and Moral Hazard

[Open Slides](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/moral-hazard/)

### 

[Original Article](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/files/bankruptcy-resolution.pdf)

[Slide Deck](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/bankruptcy-resolution/)

[Github](https://github.com/adam-bozman/wsucorporatefinance/tree/main/bankruptcy-resolution)

Commit message:

updated links for financial development

content/talks/Corporate Finance Seminar 2022/index.md, after:

---
title: "Corporate Finance Seminar"
subtitle: "Fall 2022 @ WSU"
excerpt: "Talks included from a doctoral-level finance seminar covering advanced topics in corporate finance."
date: 2021-09-01
date_end: "2021-12-17"
show_post_time: false
event: "rstudio::global(2021)"
event_url: https://global.rstudio.com
author: "Adam Bozman"
location: "Pullman, WA"
draft: false
# layout options: single, single-sidebar
layout: single
categories:
- workshop
links:
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  name: code
  url: https://github.com/adam-bozman/wsucorporatefinance
---
## Links to all presentations and content for FIN 596 - Fall 2022

--- 

### Political Capital and Moral Hazard

[Open Slides](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/moral-hazard/)

### Bankruptcy Code & Resolution

[Original Article](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/files/bankruptcy-resolution.pdf)

[Slide Deck](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/bankruptcy-resolution/)

[Github](https://github.com/adam-bozman/wsucorporatefinance/tree/main/bankruptcy-resolution)

### The Politics of Financial Development in the 20th Century

[Original Article](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/files/financial-development.pdf)

[Slide Deck](https://wsucorporatefinance.netlify.app/financial-development/)

[Github](https://github.com/adam-bozman/wsucorporatefinance/tree/main/financial-development)
